docs(modal): handleBehavior playground example (#2451)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: docs/api/modal.md

<SheetBackgroundContentExample />

#### Handle Behavior

> Sheet modals can optionally render a handle indicator used for dragging the sheet between breakpoints. The `handleBehavior` property can be used to configure the behavior of when the handle is tapped or clicked by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sheet modals can optionally render a handle indicator used for dragging the sheet between breakpoints. The `handleBehavior` property can be used to configure the behavior of when the handle is activated by the user.
```

Small detail, but you can activate the handle with the keyboard too.
